So I had so as I explained before,
so the current set up that we got is we
got B to C per CRM environment 1 to 1.
So now what we want to do is we want to
have one too many.
We, we, we don't want it to.
So going back to this diagram,
so we have B to CB to C is mapped to API
and API mapped to a database that's sort
of 1 to one.
What we wanted to do is we want to have
multiple dev or multiple test
environments now, right?
But we're trying to avoid creating
additional resources.
So what we plan to do is we use the same
B to C environment.
In B to C you can sort of partition.
So remember that the policy that we've
got, so we got policies.
So all these policies can be partitioned.
Like if you go to policy, for example,
policy has a policy ID here.
So this is the policy ID.
So this the first bit here is it's sort
of like AB to C convention.
It's the same for everything.
So you can't really rename it.
And what you can name is what's after.
So what we're planning to do is if the
environment is partitioned,
so when the policy is deployed,
we're going to put the environment name
as a prefix.
So in a single BTC environment.
So we'll have dev.
So if we reuse dev B to C for dev in test
verse,
so then we'll have dev this B to C policy
and they will have the same policy for
dev in.
So during deployment,
we can deploy to those sort of like their
partition and dev in partition.
They're not really physical partitions,
they're just logical partitions by name.
So we'll have in dev tenant,
we'll have a bunch of dev prefixed
policies and then we'll have a bunch of
dev in prefix policies.
So, so in, in, in the portal.
So,
so we have a dev portal and we have dev
in portal, right?
So when we configure the BTC provider,
so we need to to use the prefixed policy
names so the each portal can browse to
the its correspondent policy.
So how do you configure that, Tanuka?
Like for dev, this is the prefix,
for Devin, this is the prefix.
How do you configure that?
Yeah, so, so I've done so that you coming?
OK, Yeah.
So let's go through the changes I've made,
right?
Let's go to Azure Dev OPS.
Another question also like so you showed
me that policy, right?
You can put the logical partitioning
there.
So when you when you have those sections
shown on that policy,
you will have like a different section
for a different environment in the
partition.
Is it or how do you how do you put the
partition in inside the policy or where
do you place this partition?
Partition is not inside the policy.
OK Policy is the partition OK?
So so maybe it's easier to it's easier to
show.
So if I go to.
So if I go to dev, let me switch to dev.
So if I go to policies,
so you can see there are sets of policies
they went and there are dev policies,
right?
Yeah.
So the policy content is the same, OK,
But the policy configuration is different.
So remember that in the in, in here, Yeah.
So in policies we have placeholders for
configuration, right?
Yeah.
And now you can see now there's dev
configuration, yeah.
And there's dev in configuration.
So what it will do is it'll get the
policy,
get the configuration and replace the
policy with the configuration, right?
And deploy to the correct partition.
So partition is just by convention, right?
Just by name.
So it's not really a real partition.
So you can have trusted framework base.
Yeah, for dev,
you can have trusted framework for dev
int you can have two different versions.
OK, right.
So these are not like physical policy,
which is there,
but you're just like configuring for this
one.
Just yeah,
replace those placeholders with the devs
int like kind of variable and then put it
and then replace it and deploy something
like that.
OK, that's correct.
That's correct.
OK, yeah.
So let's look at the changes I've made.
So we checking everything and we use the
concept of pull request.
Pull request is, so you give the,
you get someone to review the changes.
So now you can see these are changes to
support the dev int.
Yeah.
But if you if you for example,
you don't need to make this many changes
if you're doing another partition
environment because the partitions were
not supported before.
So all you need to do is you need to tell
the environment is partitioned in the
config.
Yep, Right.
And so I've created a new dev in config,
Yeah, which is also partitioned.
So these two are partitioned.
And so it's gonna go to the same tenant
as dev.
Yep.
And it's gonna use all the settings
pretty much as the same.
Yeah, right.
But the difference is it's going to use
the dev int API, OK, right.
So so here dev policies will talk to dev
API,
Dev int policies will talk to dev int API.
Yep.
Right.
And dev API is connected to dev database,
Dev int API is connected to dev int
database.
Yep.
So you, so you,
so you pretty much have A have two
environments in single B to C logically
partitioned.
I mean, yeah,
when you leave B to C they're physically
partitioned.
But within B to C they're logically
partitioned, yes.
So for each of the environment,
you will have a resource group in B to C,
right.
For dev alone,
you're not putting a separate resource
group.
You're partitioning into dev and dev int.
Yeah, so, so in in dev.
So we have we have everything dev, right?
And we have additional dev int API.
OK, so, so dev and dev int API,
they both uses the same keyboard and uses
the same application inside for logging.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So,
so this is the signing bit I explained
before any PowerShell changes requires
signature change.
So this is the partitioning
implementation.
I don't think you'll need to go into the
details of it.
It's just read the values and append the
so you can see the policy ID get appended
with the environment name to partition
them.
That's that's pretty much the logic to
get the policies and read the
corresponding configuration and rename
the policy to prefix the environment and
and and and replace the configuration.
So pipeline also need to change.
So now if you go,
so I haven't shown you the pipelines yet,
right.
If I go to the pipelines,
so there are two pipelines,
1 is for B to C policy deployments,
the other one is for the identity API
deployment right?
So if you go to the so this is the
partition environment, the branch.
So this is how it get deployed right?
So the policies get built and get
deployed to dev.
After dev you can deploy to dev or test
and then from there onwards pre prod.
So I haven't hooked up pre prod yet but
when you guys are ready because I
intentionally didn't connect dev into pre
port prod because RMS stuff for months
now I'm going to go to pre prod right?
Just going to stay in devint I believe,
but the other branch you can take it to
pre prod if you want to make production
changes all the way to prod.
The same exists for the APIAPI.
Similar, yeah, the event test likewise.
So you DevOps also have this concept of
environment.
So environments you can put you can
control security who can deploy to
environments.
So normally dev and above.
So we've set approvers who need to
approve the deployment.
So not not everyone can deploy to those
environments.
So I think I disabled this.
I'll enable it.
So Pradeep is on all the environment
approval checklists?
Yes.
So if you want to get something deployed
to test or pre prod,
pre prod this check who's on pre prod.
Yeah,
Jamie and Pradeep prod I think again,
Jamie and Pradeep, Pradeep test,
I think because we, I think test.
I had Amit in there because Amit was the
test.
We don't want to.
Yeah, Deep is in there, so he can.
If you want to change it later on, we can.
We can change it.
So what we'll do is will merge this pull
request.
So what what will happen is once you
merge this pull request,
the build get run and it will get
deployed to its corresponding
environments, right.
Let's complete squash.
Yeah, so it's now merged.
You should see the builds got kicked off.
So now I'll start deploying the partition
stuff into different environments.
So meanwhile it'll take a little while to
deploy.
So I already deployed the API partition
API to to Devint Devint API.
So for example,
if you go to the Devint API,
so you have the Azure default DNS.
So this DNS cannot be accessed outside of
ASCO network.
So that's why we need a gateway change to
get the request through the gateway into
the ASCO network and to the app service,
right?
So that part is pending.
So, so we've,
we've raised change requests to be
actioned on Wednesday.
So hopefully we'll get the DNS.
So it'll be like DEVINT dot API dot asco.
gov dot AU.
So currently we got that right.
So let's maybe try.
So so dev is like this, right?
Like that, yeah, for for example,
this is test, right?
So this is the proper DNS for test dev is
like this, right?
Because we don't have we don't have the
full DNS set it up yet.
So we'll just try to use the ask for DNS.
Sorry,
the Azure DNS we which we can hit it from
our machine because we are VPN.
So for example, let's go, let's try this.
So you can see the API return for O1.
So the reason being so the access so API
requires access token to be accessed.
So this access token is expired,
so we need to get a new access token so.
So I'm using the same credentials as B to
C when you said you need that DNS enabled,
right?
The change request is not yet done right
Will it allow when you hit the endpoint?
Yeah, because we it, it will,
because we are trying to access from VPN.
All right, OK.
But it won't work from B to C external
network.
Yeah,
external network B to C is in external
network.
So B to C won't be able to hit the event
yet until they get the requests are made.
But the postman can because postman runs
in a machine and yeah, yeah, yeah, got it.
Route the request through the VPN.
So we need to get access token.
I'll get the access token,
access token I'm using the same the
credentials to connect to B to CI showed
you guys before right?
So it's in keyboard so you can get the
these settings.
So I've created the Postman collection so
I can I can export it and give it to you
guys, then you guys can use it.
So for example, if I get a token,
So if you when you get a token,
if you're having any issues with the
token,
if you want to see what's in this token,
you can go to.
There's a website called Ms.
Or you can go to JWT dot IOOJWT dot Ms
you can see this,
you can see this what this token is for.
And I think the important thing is you
can see the expiry date,
so this is in epoch time.
So you can convert the.
You go to UTC time, so you can.
Yeah, you can see the timestamp.
This is the UTC timestamp when that token
is going to expire anyway.
So we've got the token.
We're going to use the token to hit the
DEVINT for each transaction.
The token varies.
Is it?
No, No,
because it's a it's a application token,
right?
So it's not a user token.
OK, so it's a app registration token.
So it will keep the token in the cache
until it expires.
Once it expires, it will renew the token.
Do you know what's the validity of that
token?
Like how long, how often does it expire?
So you can, you can figure it out here,
right.
So you can look at the expiry.
OK, OK.
That's expiry issue.
This is the issue at and this is expiring.
So you can figure it out.
Yeah,
I think it's probably half an hour or
something.
But you can verify that by comparing
these two epoch times.
Yeah, let's.
What's the token?
The right session copy.
Like it's doing something.
Yeah, it returned the response.
Where is the body?
Yeah.
So, so I put this ARN.
Devin doesn't have this ARN,
so it returned there.
There is no matching.
Ask a reference number and date of birth
so we can validate that.
So we can go to,
we can go to dev and so we can go to the
application inside and see what did it
actually work.
Yeah.
So this is the first four O 1,
so you can see.
So if you go look at this,
so you can see it's a four O 1
authentication field.
But so if you go to this now that's the
four O 1,
it takes few minutes for for it to come
through.
While we're waiting,
let's see what happened with the pipeline.
OK,
so pipeline it's failing to be deployed
to event.
I should be able to.
Is Pradeep there because I can't approve
my own?
Yes, yeah.
Is Pradeep in there in the meeting?
Yeah, Yeah.
Pradeep,
could you approve these pipelines please?
Just just for the event environment for
both the pipelines.
So let's go back while it's been approved,
let's go back in here.
OK,
so verify 400 so you can see the DEVINT
API is calling the DEVINT database.
So it's it's all looking good,
no connection issues,
but it didn't verify because the data
didn't match.
So is it because the data didn't match it
is showing as red?
Yeah, because it it's error.
So oh, OK,
because ARN didn't match API return error
response 400.
So that's what we saw here.
OK, if you go to, if you go to dev end.
I go to the event and if I find the ARN
that matches tables,
I hope David environment have some ARN.
I need to find something with date of
birth as well.
Yeah, it doesn't have any errands yet.
So this 400 error, right?
Is it being configured like when you're
executing an API, right?
It has gone to CRM,
it has hit the database,
the query does not respond like it
doesn't return any result, right?
But this transaction is successful there
Yes, it has gone it has queried.
But why it is returning 400?
It is like do you customise it or it is
Azure API behaviour to return that if it
is not there like 400 error.
Let's have a look at the verify code
right.
So,
so this is the code base so impacted
individual controller yeah, verify.
So the first thing is it cheques whether
the incoming request has correct ARN and
a date of birth both are provided.
So.
So if if I go into this verify method so
it does bunch of cheques, right?
So first it try to call this method and
call database and try to find ARN.
Yeah, So ARN has what do you guys call it?
Related entity, right?
So a contact is related entity to ARN,
right?
So,
so it gets the contact and if the contact
is now, then it returns this error.
So,
So what we're seeing here is we've
provided ARN and we went to Devin
database.
Yeah, but it can't find it.
So it returns this error.
That's that's what happening in that
instance.
And then the next check is it cheques the
date of birth provided matches with the
contacts date of birth, right.
So if it doesn't then it returns these
errors and it also then cheques if that
ARN is already registered, right.
So by looking at the external identity
table.
So if it if it's already registered then
it returns this error.
So all the cheques passes,
then it returns the impacted individuals
contacts back to B to C.
So then B to C can proceed.
OK.
Yep, Yeah.
So at the moment, I mean in Devon,
we don't have any ARNS.
So if we need to set that up,
you had issues and so right,
we're still waiting for it,
but I've deployed it before,
so let's continue.
So going back to the B to C,
so now we got partitioned policies, right?
So we need to now be able to configure
dev.
So dev was so dev dev is referring to
these sort of like root policies, right?
But even dev now should be looking at the
dev policies, not this fruit policies.
We should be we we can later on clean up
and delete this.
But instead of using dev should be.
Instead of using this dev should be using
dev II sign up or sign in its own policy.
So if you go to.
Go to the power pages and let's change
the dev to use the dev policies.
Now security sign in providers B to C We
already have B to C configured.
Yeah.
Why is it this?
This thing is so buggy.
This test still test have B to C
configured.
But why is it,
I don't know F-01 what happened with test?
You mean see it has B to C configured,
right?
But yeah,
when you go to that user interface,
it says that it's not configured.
He was trying to configure it again,
but let's see whether dev does the same
thing.
Yeah, no, I think dev is fine.
So dev has things populated.
So what we're going to do is we're going
to change the dev to use the dev policies,
right?
So their policies is dev.
So instead of so we're gonna use dev.
Yeah, dev saved, I believe.
So do I need to probably need to do a
sync, right?
Yeah, just right.
So this redirect URA will be the same for
dev and dev.
And is it?
No, it's gonna be different.
I'll show it because now it's prefix,
right?
So dev policy will be dev prefix.
Yeah, dev in policy is dev in prefixed.
Yeah.
So the URL policy URLs are prefixed by
the name.
So it is sync if I go to the dev portal
now and if I run the dev tools sign in,
it's still cached,
still using the it's doesn't reflect the
changes.
How are you seeing OK the viewer looking?
Do we need to do a restart or something?
Still not showing this these changes.
Is it OK if I restart dev 01?
I think it's one second Anuka.
So I'm yeah, I'm in dev 011 second.
I'll let me close my screens.
Yeah, still not reflecting policy.
Change to go into the.
Yeah, you can restart it,
Close my screens,
go to to restart admin centre.
Yeah, right.
Actions restarts, right?
What's the dev int?
Let's change the dev int as well.
Make all pages.
Actually,
let's have a look at site settings.
Side settings so it has PDC configured.
Hang on and that this is so did we change
the wrong settings?
So it went and changed to they went.
Can you go back and see if it is devent
that one the window that you have,
but we definitely change for dev right
here.
Yeah,
I thought so it was saved to dev end.
Let's go back again to dev that's dev
identified as yeah.
So it's dev is showing these.
But if I go to side settings,
the dev that's Dev 01,
what you've opened hang on.
But but the site is DEVINT, right?
No, no, we didn't.
This DEVINT it's common for all the
environment.
The actual site name is DEVINT in all the
environment.
Yeah, because we,
we built this site initially in DEVINT
environment.
That's why the URL,
the website name is DEVINT all the
environment.
So do not confuse with that you are in
Dev 01 actually.
So this is dev 01.
Yeah, in the URL you can see 01 dev 01.
So you are in dev 01 power pages settings.
OK,
let's create the dev 01 working out and
then we shouldn't get confused.
Let's, let's see.
Let's see whether this can go to We see
those changes reflected.
It's still.
Still not using dev.
Why is it?
Do you need to change the redirect Uri?
You know call like which redirect Uri
that one the redirect that is common
right?
So these are common right?
So this is generic dev BTC URL.
But what you see the valid issuers, right,
It will replace that with the default
policy ID, Yes.
So no, no, no, not replace.
It's append, OK.
So what I expect it to be like this so
that, so if you look at this value here,
OK, So yeah, it's coming like that.
There's this one here.
Yeah, this one here need to change.
OK, Yeah, I think need to be changed.
Yeah.
So Yep.
OK, let's try now.
Think it's saved?
Lost it?
Why is it showing configure wait to see
again?
It's, it's a bug, right?
It, it's a bug in portal.
It can't,
it sometimes loses and it does weird,
weird things.
So is it saved?
It's saved.
Yeah, yeah,
this is saved and that's retrieved URL.
There was.
Yeah, valid issues.
Yeah, it's all saved.
OK what happens now?
Try to sync and then maybe sync again.
Yeah, yeah.
Think right,
is it not connecting to the policy?
I think I'm,
I think what's happening here is so the B
to C has a client application
representing the portal.
So that client application is so client
application.
Is this OK?
I think the redirect URL doesn't match
redirect URL.
No, that should be fine.
That should let's check so this is the
yesterday test application.
So this is the redirect URL accepted.
So redirect,
I don't think the redirect URL has
changed because we haven't changed the
redirect URL, Yeah.
So what is it that's clear this portal?
Clear it again.
See, for some reason,
maybe it needs another restart.
See, this doesn't have the.
It's still the sort of cache.
This doesn't have the dev in it.
Yeah.
Can I give it another restart?
Yep, I think OK.
So side settings were definitely updated.
Everything have dev has dev says dev
redirect URL doesn't need,
it's just generic.
This is yeah.
And then that's it.
What about the login button type?
What's this?
I have no idea what that is.
Do you have the list of settings that you
modify when you change anything from B to
C side?
No, it's it's just OK,
we just portal should just do it, right?
So we should not we should not need to
come and check the settings here.
It should be done from the UI,
but that UI is so buggy,
so it does some random things.
So now if you go to the with the security
and it just Oh no, it still has it.
No, it's still enabled.
OK, so it's back.
Let's see.
It's restarted.
Yeah, the portal is back.
Portal is back.
Let's Yep, try again.
Trying to say again no.
So you saw something, right, Dhanuka?
There was another one setting which was
showing up right where it didn't reflect.
So I think that's the URL that is showing
here.
V2.
It's a registration button.
I think that's not part of the settings.
So these were the settings that is coming
from that.
But we can change it definitely because
yeah, that URL had AV 2 on it.
I'm not sure if it is related, but yeah,
I'm able to sign in inside using B to C
You can, yeah, yeah.
But using that custom button, I tried,
I didn't try from the URL the navigation
sign in button.
So it's interesting.
What is the custom button redirect to?
Need to check it out one second.
Yeah, that is taking dev.
It is taking dev, but yeah,
that is that is the code behind, right?
So we yeah, modified the URL in the core.
Yeah.
So some URL.
No, no, that's fine.
But yeah,
for some reason these settings are not
actually.
So this is not set as default,
set as default.
Let me set this as default.
It came out of default.
Sync it.
I think now it is working.
Renuka, it's now working, yeah.
Yeah, sign in is working.
It is redirecting to that, Yeah.
So could you guys try signing in today?
Yep, it should work.
So now if so, let's go to dev int now.
So if I configured there one is working,
I will log in inside.
Yeah, yeah, nice, cool.
All good.
So now I'm in dev int, right?
So there's no B2C configured here, right?
Yeah,
we didn't configure before then when's
this first time?
OK, So if I just copy the stuff from here,
it's not going to override the dev
settings, right?
It should.
No, no,
that is different website then it won't,
it won't.
OK, let's yeah copy this next.
Replace this to dev int, client ID,
client ID.
Can we use the same client dev int here?
OK,
maybe we'll do the dev int another time
because I think if Pradeep is not here,
Pradeep need to add dev went to this list
of URLs.
OK, or we create or create a new separate.
I think we'll instead of creating a
separate temporary session,
we'll just use the same thing,
but we need to add.
So I think one of the things you guys
need.
I'm here.
Denuka, I'm not sure if you can hear me.
I can hear now.
I mean, I mean all the time here,
but I think you guys sorry.
I I have one screen.
I Oh, I see.
Yeah, I see.
OK, so could could we add?
No way could we add the dev int URL here.
I don't think I have permissions.
I think you probably are owner or yeah,
you are owner.
I I can configure this, but yeah,
let's do it the next time because next
time I have only 5 minutes left and yeah,
Yeah,
by the time I'm login and everything,
it will be be over.
All right,
Let's configure the dev int next Monday.
Yeah, We can do on Monday.
Yeah, yeah, Monday.
So I'll have it ready.
OK.
Yeah, I'll have it ready.
Yeah.
And we can just.
Yeah, take it from there.
If you can share the URL with me,
redial to all, I'll use the same.
OK.
Yep, it's the same.
It's the same.
This bit is same.
And this should be dev int.
Just the prefix.
Yeah, yeah.
So one and two both, right.
OK.
For the, you want to do 1 and 2 both,
not just one, just one for now.
OK, just one.
OK.
Yeah, just one for now.
OK, maybe maybe while you add it,
just add 2 as well,
because we need the RMA policy added in
in there.
Probably need the second one as well.
So yeah.
So please add 1 and 2.
I think that's it for today.
We'll do the event next time.
Thanks guys.